GC: Item mail attachment Handling (#2422)
alcionai/corso: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased] (alpha)
### Added

### Fixed
- Support for item.Attachment:Mail restore

### Changed

### Known Issues

> - Nested attachments are currently not restored due to an issue [issue](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota-serialization-json-go/issues/61) discovered in the Graph APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nested attachments are currently not restored due to an [issue](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota-serialization-json-go/issues/61) discovered in the Graph APIs
```

> - Item.Attachments panic during serialization when the item's attachment field is not nil. ([Kiota-61](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota-serialization-json-go/issues/61))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nested attachments are currently not restored due to an issue [issue](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota-serialization-json-go/issues/61) discovered in the Graph APIs
```
